welcome to the first spinner tattoo
power supply video this video is just to
run you through the menu options and the
functions of the spinner simple to
operate take it out of the box plug it
in turn it on you'll see this little
light here hold your finger over that
then it starts up this is your main menu
if you just want to start tattooing
straight away don't want to know about
all the rest of the functions it's quite
simple just press the M button that
brings you up with a default screen set
to advanced and you'll get your voltage
amps Hertz and duty cycles I've actually
set this one to manual so you'll see a
little go sign down here that's manual
foot switch I'll show you the menu
functions individually in just a second
so from this screen to get to your main
menu press M actually before we go there
and to show you change the voltage
really simple up and down you can do it
by increments of 1 the Hertz and the
amps and the duty cycle you'll only see
they'll populate when you've actually
got a machine plugged in and going there
you go this is on manual foot switch you
have 3 foot switch options and I'll show
you those just a second so to get back
to the main menu you presets I'll just
take you there quickly the P screen is
available in most of the screens and it
will take you straight to your presets
now this one I've been playing with
you've got nine preset slots available
you can name them whatever you want up
to nine characters when your power
supply comes out it will say lineup
shader and Packer Machine four five six
seven eight nine now I've been playing
with these and you'll see that some of
them are named a bit differently I'll
take you through setting that up on a
separate video to actually get into the
to change a preset I'll just show you
quickly you
the button and hold okay so that takes
you into the screen which will allow you
to set your preset up if you want to
just use that particular preset just
press it quickly and it's ready to go
one of the features that we're pretty
pleased with with this machine is the
fact that you are able to use cycles per
second as your measurement so when
you're on cycles per second and you're
on advanced you'll have the amps and the
voltage now cycles is only relevant to
rotary machines and to set cycles per
second up you actually need to calibrate
your machine and I'll show you that on a
separate video to get back to the main
menu presets display you've got a choice
with your display you can have if you're
just using the default display and you
haven't got any preset setup you can
have basic or advanced basic you just
get the one big number okay advanced you
get all of the details okay
timer to get just to start the timer hit
timer and press start pretty simple
you've got an option with the timer
where you can press pause if you're
taking a break or you can stop it and
there is also a chime the chime will
work at it will give you one beep at the
half hour and two beeps on the hour you
can turn that off or on really simple
just push the button on it's on so you
can see that that's running up there it
says it's running okay now if you're on
manual foot switch you will see that the
timer is up the top if you're using a
standard foot switch in the maintain or
the continuous settings then you'll see
the timer down the bottom so foot switch
settings so I've covered those presets
display and your timer foot switch
you've got three options you've got
manual which you've just seen this light
is highlighted and it says go or stop
down the bottom maintain you put your
foot on the foot switch and you hold the
foot switch down for your machine to run
take your foot off the foot switch and
your machine stops
on continuous you've got is you just hit
the foot switch once the machine will
run hit the foot switch again and the
machine will stop all right so that's
back on manual with the sound you've got
three levels of sound you've got loud
which it's on now off so the sound will
only you'll only hear the sound when
you're pressing the buttons okay soft is
the other option or loud which is what
it is by default language options you've
got three German Spanish and English to
select one of those again just push one
of the buttons to go back to the menu
press M okay this is the last of the
main menu options you've got startup
again you've got three options you've
got main menu which gives you all of
these options presets which takes you
into your preset screen which I showed
you before or last setting last setting
it will come up on a working screen
ready to go whatever you were on the
last one factory restore if you want to
clean out all of the the presets menu
and start from fresh you would use
factory restore Advanced Settings it's
actually is for button sensitivity when
you take the spinner out of the box it
will be set to high sensitivity as a
default setting that way 99.9% of humans
on the planet can get all the buttons to
work if you find that it's a little too
sensitive just come down into the
advanced settings come into buttons and
just set it to default I use it on on
default personally but others need it on
the high sensitivity to get back to your
main menu just press the M to start
tattooing just press the M one quick
thing
if you're in your presets and for
example you want to change that value
just scroll up you want to leave it at
ninety cycle so the next time I turn on
my liner or in this case it says spinner
to change it to 90 cycles I press the P
and hold it and it will actually save
that value so that the next time I come
back in here it's on 90 cycles ready to
go so as you can see it's quite simple
to operate if you've got any questions
feel free to send us an e-mail or visit
the website thanks for watching